Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me.
I have a video that I want you to see that I found from one of my subscribers.
This is a video of William Branham.
He gave this prophecy in the 1950s or 1940s—I don't know, it was a long time ago—about a pope that will rise up out of America, and this will be the beginning of the beast system, right?
That is what I'm understanding from this prophecy.
This is a shaking prophecy, a very wow prophecy.
I have this little clip here and I want you to listen.
He talks real fast, so it's hard to understand sometimes what he's saying, but there are subtitles so you can read it.
I was like, "Wow, this needs to be brought out," that he prophesied an American pope would come forth and this would be the last pope.
I was thinking, "My goodness," when you see prophecies that are over 60 years old come to pass, you're going "wow," you know?
It's a major deal.
I mean, he was in black and white.
There was no color when he was on the television.
I mean this is a big deal, folks.
So, listen to this and we'll be right back and we'll talk about it.
"I believe we're in these glorious days when this United Confederation Church goes together and the new pope is brought out in the United States and throned there according to prophecy.
Then they'll form an annexation to the beast and I tell you the true church of God will be thrown together.
The real true believers—Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, Pentecostals, Nazarene, Pilgrim Holiness, whatever they be—will go together, cemented by the love of God.
That'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Amen.
All the believers and agnostics and shallow-minded will be cast to one side.
They'll go right away into the confederation of churches.
Not an Assembly of God going into the confederation of churches.
Oh, I have to deny it there and evangelical doctrine to do so.
I tried all their Pentecostal signs and principally have to deny that to be in the confederation churches.
Have to deny it.
Oh brother, I'd rather, brother as I said many times, lay on my stomach and drink water and eat salty crackers and be popular with God than to be his servant of God.
I had a picture of the world if I had to compromise on my faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and his Bible.
I believe this is the infallible word of God in every word of his writing.
Yes, sir.
" So now you're back.
Isn't that amazing?
It shows how close we are to the end.
He's the same man that prophesied about the egg-shaped cars, about a woman president coming along, and it would be the timeframe of the coming of the Lord.
We saw a woman vice president and I don't know if he was talking about that or if he was talking about a full president being a woman.
So if we see the next president that tries to come about after President Trump leaves office if it's a woman, we just know, folks, that we're so close.
We're so close to the coming of the Lord.
People say, "Well, Brandon, we've heard that for decades.
My grandma said that, her great-grandma said that.
" Well, that should tell you how much closer we are then.
If they've been saying it for so long, it just tells you how much closer.
All I know is that some folks say that we have 50 years, and some folks say we only have about seven years.
I think we only have just a little bit of a window here.
I believe we have a window of opportunity to win the lost for Jesus for a wealth transfer.
And the Lord said, "Don't put me down to a timeframe.
I'm going to have my harvest.
" So really, the bottom line is what I'm feeling in my spirit is as long as we sit on our blessed assurance and not get out there and get the harvest in, the longer we're here.
The more we're busy about doing the father's work and bringing forth the lost—because that's what he's after.
He said, "Brandon, I am the lord of the harvest.
I am the harvest.
My heart is the harvest.
" So many people say, "What are we waiting on?
" The harvest.
Bottom line, he doesn't care how long you sit here.
It's like saying you're going to stay in timeout until you be obedient.
Bring in the lost.
Bring in the lame, the weak, the hungry, the hurting.
Bring in the people who need to know that I am God.
Bottom line.
And I'm telling you, when we start doing that and we see this great commission be done throughout the whole world—laying hands on the sick, casting out devils, doing all the things that we know to do and doing it with great boldness—coming on the platforms like this and telling people they're going to hell if they don't change their wicked ways, repent and get Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior, then we're doing our job.
But my job is to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm telling you with all my heart that it's time to get right with the Lord.
And we see these prophecies.
Kim Clement gave a word about the Pope being baptized in the Holy Ghost.
He said there would be a change in 30 days.
I was trying to make sense of what he saw clear back in 2005.
And I was like, "Wow.
" That was a word that he had on there.
If you want to hear that word, I'll put that on there right now, too.
"The spirit of God shall fall in buildings of rock and stone.
It shall fall in places where they least believe that I will cause chaos and I will say to them: now I will take people by the hundreds of millions and share my spirit with them.
I'll raise up a man that shall continue and they will say in the beginning he won't be able to do it.
But there shall be an experience after 33 days and a raising up and a resurrection and a spirit-filled pope that will raise up a voice and he shall speak the truth and they will say we must get him out of the way.
But rejoice this day, for there are deaths of many great leaders, because it is necessary so that I can raise up a new generation of men and women that will go into the marketplace and raise up the name of Yahweh.
" So there's that word.
Isn't that amazing?
So two words about this: these are 2005 and 1950s words about a change of a pope coming from America.
33 days of change and all these different things—that they would try to remove him and all this.
I told you the Lord said when we were praying, "Pray and get excited.
Pray for revival as Pope Francis is removed.
" He said, "I'm bringing judgment into the churches, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
I'm shaking.
" I saw the devil coming in influence in Pope Francis.
Remember he was slithering like a snake.
Shaking is happening in the Catholic Church because of the 1.
4 billion people.
We need to pray for revival.
What does the Asian man have to do with the revival?
The Lord showed me this Asian man rising up and trying to bring forth some kind of a stirring in the Catholic church.
Is he a helper to the Pope?
Is he a friend to the Pope?
Like the pope's going to send out missionaries to shake the Catholic Church because they're losing the people.
Is he going to be like a sidekick?
That's what I'm praying.
I'm like, "Lord, what is this?
You showed me this.
Is he a sidekick to the Pope?
Is he like Batman and Robin?
" is what I'm trying to say.
Is there somebody else going to come alongside the Pope to help him out to evangelize the Philippines and the Asian community?
Because maybe they're losing the Asian community, trying to bring in new converts, bringing in an Asian face.
What is it in the days ahead that we're looking for?
There's something more to the Asian man.
And I'm telling you all by the spirit of God that the Lord is bringing forth a major harvest of souls in these last days.
So, where are we right now?
You say, "Brandon, what should we be watching for?
" So, I'm going to give you a summary of what we saw yesterday in our prayer time that a lot of people missed.
I told you to watch the water.
I see it in my spirit today: watch the water from the depths.
There's stuff going on in the ocean that's going to start killing the fish.
I warned you about the fish dying; major fish will start to die.
Things in the deep water, fish we've never seen before, are going to start coming up from the bottom and washing up on our shores.
People are going to ask, "What is that?
We've never seen it before," because they're dying from the gases, the lava, and the things the earth is going to release.
You're going to see things on beaches around the world—fish we've never seen before—and you're going to ask what in the world is going on and why this marine life is dying.
It's because of what's happening in the water.
A major shaking, a major shifting of the Earth's crust is taking place.
I'm telling you, we're going to start to see earthquakes in diverse places like we've never seen before.
Volcanoes will erupt to relieve the pressure on the earth from what's going to start taking place.
Signs in the heavens are going to freak out people of the world.
They're going to ask, "What is going on with the sun and the sunlight?
" That's what you need to know.
What's coming are things with the sun that no man will be able to explain.
I saw a different kind of light that's going to start appearing, and it's going to freak people out.
It will not just go away; it's going to last for days, maybe months.
Because this is what's going to happen, it's going to mess with the birds and the animals.
You don't mess with the animals' breeding patterns in a day, so that has to mean a long period of time that interrupts the cycle of life and migration.
The birds will be confused; you'll start seeing them migrate in the summer when they should migrate in the fall.
They'll be wondering what's going on because the poles are shifting in the earth.
You'll not know the seasons; they are going to change quickly.
I don't understand how that all happens, but I'm telling you what I have seen in the spirit.
People are going to be confused.
Even with the tides and all that—I don't know if that's going to be affected—but I know the Lord showed me major change is coming with the earth.
A shaking.
All this other stuff doesn't matter; people need to have their eyes open because what's coming will shake the world.
I say that over and over again because Jesus Christ is coming.
That's the bottom line.
He's saying, "Wake up, my little flock.
I'm trying to wake you all up to tell you that I'm coming.
" He's going to show you signs in the heavens and the earth.
People are asleep, folks.
I see it all the time, especially in the emails and comment sections.
There are a lot of people that are just like squirrels, as I was telling you, and it's a very serious time.
It's not time to be the ostrich that has its head in the sand.
So, let's keep watching the oceans.
What is Trump's big announcement tomorrow or Monday?
He says it's going to shake the financial sector and the stock market's going to go up.
Will it be a big nothing burger?
I don't believe so.
I told you Trump is a bull, a man with a lot of what people would say is pride.
I'm going to be careful with that—he's very confident.
Trump will not, on his watch, be known as the president who took down America's economy.
We're going to see a new global economy in the days ahead.
What the Lord is showing me is a new beast system, and I believe Trump is going to help roll this out.
We're on the cusp of something major taking place involving cryptocurrency and a new digital platform.
The prince of Saudi Arabia and the major OPEC nations will go digital.
They will come up from the ashes.
A financial global structure like you've never seen before will rise in the Middle East.
Iraq will come up out of the ashes.
You'll see a major wealth transfer into the Middle East, and you're going to wonder what in the world is going on because He's establishing His kingdom where everything started in the Garden of Eden.
Watch, and I believe they'll become the superpowers of the world—a transfer of power from the United States and China to the Middle East.
You'll see an uprising in the Middle East with finances and influence.
It's all because of the Antichrist.
I believe with all my heart that the Antichrist will come out of the Middle East.
We are right there, folks.
So, after hearing all this, does that not stir you up to let you know how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
My son, are you stirred up, Braden?
Our eyes are looking up, for we know our redemption draws nigh.
All this other stuff doesn't matter; it's all going to burn.
I'm excited about Jesus coming.
The Bible tells us that we're so close to the end by watching the signs of the fig tree and watching Israel.
If we see the peace agreement, the Temple Mount being built, and wars escalate.
Let's take communion today and believe for your unsaved loved ones.
I've seen the hardest of hearts turn to Jesus.
There was a guy named Bear, a ruthless biker who gave his heart to Jesus Christ.
I'm sure his family thought he would never serve the Lord.
Same with Matt Gober, who was a biker.
He's not here anymore, and neither is Bear, but these men were rascals when they were on the earth; they were very hard biker men, bad men.
And Jesus Christ turned them around.
You would think there was no possible way for some of these people to turn to Jesus Christ, but I'm telling you, even the hardest of hearts will turn to Jesus if you don't give up on believing for them to come in.
Don't give up on them.
Don't give up on your unsaved loved ones.
Keep on keeping on.
Be the hammer that keeps chipping away.
Love never fails.
Whenever you think it's failing, love never fails, ladies and gentlemen.
We love them out of the pit of hell.
I thank you, Father, that you're going to set the captives free.
Thank you, Lord, that you came and you set the captives free, and you're setting the captives free still today.
Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever; and the same God that loved back then is the same God that loves today.
I thank you, Father.
Now, Lord, we believe for our unsaved loved ones.
We take communion and we believe today that we are healed and whole and well; that whatever we may have in our body that's been sick for so long, today is our day for turnaround.
If it started with a symptom, it ends with the symptoms going away.
I believe that the symptoms of your sickness or disease are gone today.
Today is your day for healing to deliver all over your body.
Healing flows through your body; healing is going all over your mind.
Healing from your hard hearts delivered from a broken heart, being discouraged, having a downcast spirit.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for your healing power that flows on the inside of us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we call those things that be not as though they were.
We say we're healed, we're whole, we're well, we're delivered.
And we thank you, Lord, that today is the day of our breakthrough.
Today is a day where we call those things.
We say, 'We're delivered, we're healed, we're whole, we're well.
We're not going to live in a devil's hell.
We're going to be overflowed with the goodness and the mercy of God on us today, for his goodness and mercy are following us.
' And we thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Lord, we thank you for the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us.
I plead the blood of Jesus all around our houses, I plead the blood of Jesus all around our finances, I plead the blood of Jesus over us, Father.
And I thank you, if we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper today.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Now, Satan, take your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
We call them in, in the name of Jesus.
We call in laborers across their path.
We call in our sons, our daughters, our aunts, our uncles, our grandpas, our grandmas, all the ones that are lost.
We call them in before the ark door closes.
For the storm came after a hundred years; the storm came, and as the days of Noah, so will it be.
Father, the ark closed quickly, and in that time, there was no time for anybody else to get on that boat.
We know that time is coming and the boat's closing.
The boat of this dispensation is closing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is a time coming when nobody else is going to get on the end-time boat.
But Father, we're calling for those unsaved loved ones to get on the boat of salvation, saying, 'I don't want to burn in hell.
I don't want to go through this.
I want Jesus.
' Father, I thank you that you're bringing forth a pliable heart, a heart that is soft toward Jesus.
Father, all those crusty, hard layers of anger and bitterness and all these things that hold people back from knowing the Lord Jesus Christ, we call it stripped off in Jesus' name.
We call love to flow into that heart of hardness.
Today we say, 'Satan, get your hands off of their eyes, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened to know how much Jesus loves them today, how much Jesus cares for them today' as we go into these days of Mother's Day and all these things that we celebrate in America.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you love us.
You're the ultimate Father, the ultimate caregiver.
Father, you're the one that loves us more than anybody else could ever hope, imagine, or think.
You loved us so much that you died for us and you gave your life for us, Father, so that we don't have to go to hell.
I call them in saved, I call them born again, I call them baptized in the Holy Ghost and fire.
I call angels out right now from the north, the south, the east, the west to go and get our unsaved loved ones.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing them in, taking off all the demonic hindrances that try to hold them back.
Father, there's demonic spirits that hold these people back, but we have angels that are going on assignment right now and taking authority.
We take authority over those devils, warring on our behalf, and saying, 'You're not going to do this no more.
' They're going to have a clear mind, a clear conscience to make the right decision today, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And I thank you, Father, that you've called us as believers to pray and believe and stand on the wall, stand in the gap for our unsaved loved ones.
And we thank you, Father, that they're coming in right now in Jesus' name.
Now, Lord, we thank you for our president.
We thank you, Lord, that he's safe as he goes on this trip to Saudi Arabia and to the Middle East and having the meeting with China.
Father, I thank you that you send your warring angels with him that they would bear him up in their hands lest he dash his foot against a stone.
A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but no bullets will come near, no snipers, no calamity, nothing.
The Secret Service are on super guard and we have our secret service angels, major angels watching over President Trump.
I thank you, Father, that you'll not let anything come around him.
There's supernatural protection over Trump today as he goes overseas on these trips.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every agreement, every peace agreement, everything that he set out to do that is of you, that he has supernatural wisdom like Solomon coming on his mind, that he makes godly decisions, godly influences with Israel, with the trade deal with China, that there will be no more of this trade war.
Father, we call the trade war to come down; that there'll be peace and they'll have a trade agreement in Jesus' name.
The economy would flourish; we'd have a golden window for wealth transfer of the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
For what the devil meant for bad, trying to bring the beast system in quicker, Father, we call forth a window of opportunity to have the finances to spread this gospel throughout the whole world, and then the end shall come.
We believe, Father, that this is a window of opportunity for the peace agreements, for trade agreements to come about, to bring forth crypto, to bring forth gold, to bring forth oil, to do these things for supernatural shaking in the financial sector.
Father, I thank you, Lord, as he goes on these trips to Saudi Arabia and these places, Father, that they'll have supernatural wisdom.
And Father, we will see the beast system rise with Saudi Arabia and the things ahead, Father, because that's how close you are to coming.
Lord, we believe, Father, that this is the window of opportunity to bring the salvation message into China, the Middle East, and Asia, Father, and that we'll see it in America, Australia, Canada, and all around the world.
We will see a major window of opportunity to bring in the lost like we've never seen before.
You told me, Brandon, 'I'm bringing in the angel armies.
I'm bringing in the army reserves and they're going to come down.
' And I saw the angels coming out of heaven warring on behalf, helping us, helping your helping hands.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're coming in the name of Jesus.
And we will see this quickly.
A quick work.
We don't say, 'Oh, 50 years from now,' we call forth a quick work in these end times in the name of Jesus.
A supernatural quick work in Jesus' name.
Do you believe that, Braden?
I believe it.
A supernatural quick work.
I don't want this thing drawn out 50 years.
I thank you, Lord, that it's something that happens like that and we go, 'Wow, look at the speedy turnaround of things that we never believed would happen.
' It's happening: our unsaved loved ones, healings, demonstration, manifestation, the finances, all of it.
Lord, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we're calling those things that be not as though they were today.
We thank you, Lord, that good days are ahead of us.
Blessed days are ahead of us.
Heavenly marriages, marriages that are whole, marriages that are well.
We call for marriages where the strife stops and for there to be peace.
We call forth husbands and wives to get along and for there to be peace in the home.
Thank you, Lord, that there's joy in the children.
Father, there's no discord in the children.
Father, that the children are not wayward and all acting like hellions.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's joy and balance in the home.
Father, let the men rise up and lead the family like they're supposed to and get off their blessed assurance, being weak, spineless men, and instead be men with courage and charisma who take back the land for Jesus in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for the men and women to serve the Lord with all their heart in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Well, I pray this video blessed you today.
I know we didn't go into a lot of prayer, but I wanted to go over some recap and show you those prophecies because they blessed me and I thought, 'Wow, that's a really cool video to do for you all.
' We could bring those out and show you the things that are happening and some other ministries and what they're saying.
So, we ask you to please subscribe if you haven't.
Click the notification bell, click the thumbs up button, and comment something nice down below.
We would really appreciate your help with the algorithm.
Every comment helps boost us.
So, if I've said something that blessed you today, tell us in the comment section.
Well, we always close our videos by saying, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.
Have a wonderful day.